Add note about get_cache_key in the inventory plugin dev guide (#3468)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_inventory.rst

inventory cache
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note:: Setting and loading the cache encodes/decodes the cached data to/from an internal format. Inventory plugins can mitigate conversion overhead by loading and setting the cache once, and using a native, in-memory object for mutations.

> 

Author: I think this is not an issue because the backing cache plugin is only queried the first time a key is retrieved, and setting many keys at once seems roughly equivalent to setting 1 key containing the same amount of data.

```suggestion

```

        self.load_cache_plugin()
        cache_key = self.get_cache_key(path)

> .. note:: The ``get_cache_key`` method is designed to retrieve a unique key for the plugin name and the ``path`` parameter. Inventory plugins that need to generate a lot of unique keys based on other factors should consider redefining or not using this helper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: The ``get_cache_key`` is a helper method that retrieves a unique key for the plugin name and the ``path`` parameter. Inventory plugins that generate multiple unique cache entries should not use this helper method because it is designed to get one key per inventory source.
```

Reviewer: Should we also throw in a statement like "In general we recommend that plugin developers refactor to avoid multiple cache entries for inventory sources." ?

Author: > Should we also throw in a statement like "In general we recommend that plugin developers refactor to avoid multiple cache entries for inventory sources." ?

I think that's a good idea.

Author: @oraNod Thanks for the suggestions!

        self.load_cache_plugin()
        cache_key = self.get_cache_key(path)

> .. note:: The ``get_cache_key`` method is designed to retrieve a unique key for the plugin name and the ``path`` parameter. Inventory plugins that need to generate many unique keys based on other factors should consider redefining or not using this helper.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note:: The ``get_cache_key`` method is designed to retrieve a unique key for the plugin name and the ``path`` parameter. Inventory plugins that need to generate a lot of unique keys based on other factors should consider redefining or not using this helper.
```

not a blocker, ignore if necessary
